---
layout: post
title: "英文邮件通用句式"
date: 2022-07-05
---

# Example:

Hello, xxx

How are you?

I hope all is well and that you had a pleasant weekend./

I am writing because xxx

Could you xxx please?/Would you like me to xxx?/if you could xxx, that would be great.

Thanks

Best,

xxx


# Struct:

- Purpose:
    - Reply
        - I am writing in reference to ...
        - Thank you for reaching out to us regarding ...
        - Thank you for calling me yesterday to discuss ...
    - Confirm
        - I am writng to confirm/enquire/inform you ...
    - Offer Information
        - I am delighted to give you the detail about ...
    - Follow-up
        - With reference to our telephone conversation today...
        - As I mentioned earlier about...
        - As you requested/we discussed ...
        - To follow up on our last meeting ...
        - This is in response to your email today...
    - Brief Pleasantry
        - I hope you are well
    - 基本句式
        - I am reaching out to you because...
    
        
- Content:
    - 常用沟通
        - Backgroud
            - In order to achieve xxx, we need to ...
        - Ask for update
            - I'd like to know if/when/how/...
            - Could you let me know if/when/how/
            - Do you have any details/update on...?
        - Ask for help
            - Could you please call me later today?
            - I was wondering if you could provide some more details.
            - At your convenience, would you please xxx.
            - Would you please/I would appreciated it/would be grateful if you could ...
        - Inform
            - Please note that
            - Please be advised/informed that
            - We would like/are sorry to inform you that ...
        - Notice
            - I am juest writing to remind you of..
            - May we remind you that...?
        - Attached
            - Attached please find the latest information on ...
       
- Ending
    - Thanks
        - Thank you for your time and consideration/assistance.
        - I look forward to hearing from you.
        - Thanks for 
            getting back to me
            the update/information/email
            the heads up
            you help with...
    - Look forward
        - I hope to hear from you soon.
        - I look forward to hearing from you/meeting you/your reply.
    - Wait for Reply
        - Pls let me know (if that works for you)
        - pls keep me posted.
    - 通知对方自己会跟进
        - I'll let you know(as soon as I can/possible)
        - I'll get back to you(asap)
    - 随时联系
        - Please let me know if there's anything I can do to help
        - Hope this answers your question. Let me know if further detail/explanation would be helpful.
        - Please call me if you have any question.
        - I holp this information is helpful. If you have any further question or concerns, please don't hesitate to contact me. 
        - If you wish, we would be happy to ...
    - Attached
        - Pls find attached the contract
        - I'm enclosing...
        - The request document is attached to this email.
        - Attached please find the latest information on ...

礼貌用语
- 纠正
    - Let me clarify what I meant in my email.
- 约定时间
    - I‘ll be glad to meet you first thing Monday morning to discuss
- 否定
    - I would like to say yes, let me explain why I can't.


# 参考资料：

- https://www.zhihu.com/question/20870189



# 词汇：

overview

team up with

handout 讲稿

goal

forecast

come down to 